---
tags: [Main Cases, Customer Management, customer, demographic data, generation, address]
---

# Customer Management

## Account Number Inquiry

The API allows a cardholder to find out all the account numbers of the Credit, Debt, Prepaid, Wallets products, created under the Customer Number, previously created with the API ** Customer Add **.

This information is sent in the API response message once it has been triggered. The Customer Number will be the main value used for the search of the account numbers.

**POST** `/customer/accountNumber`

The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

## Cards Details Inquiry

This API allows the customer to find out all the card numbers created under this customer number for products credit, debit, prepaid or wallets.

This information is sent in the API response message once it has been triggered. The Customer Number will be the main value used for the search of the account numbers.

**GET** `/customer/v3/cards/details`

The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

## Current/Prior Address Inquiry

The API provides information from the Customer Demographic Information and the Prior Mailing Address. To retrieve information for Prior Mailing Address, parameter PRIOR ADDR should activated in First Vision.

When an account or relationship number is entered as input to the service, the service returns the customer record’s primary owner and co-owner information.

The appropriate customer number is found by using the navigational services. When the customer number is input into the service, the data for that record is returned.

**GET** `/customer/{accountNumber}/current-prior-address`

The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

## Customer Add

The API allows a Bank to enter extensive customer demographic information, as name, address, telephone number, email, identification number, etc. will be added through this API.

Each new customer will have a unique number called Customer Number, this customer number can be randomly generated by the system, or it can be entered as part of the API value.

This customer number is independent of the customer's personal identification number: Social Security, Cedula, CPN or Driver License.

**POST** `/customer/l8v2`
                
The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

## Customer and Account Number Generate

This API allow the bank generate on massive way a defined quantity of customers, cards, accounts and relationship numbers. The numbers requested will be reserved by the system, so these number will not be generated again.

This API is very successful when bank has many branches and needs to generate and emboss plastics with different card numbers and card expiration but with not name. So cards can be distributed between many bank branches to be used for a temporary card replacement when cardholder lost his current card.

The API request the Bank id (organization), product id (logo), quantity of number to generate for Customer, Accounts, Cards and Relationship numbers.

API response will show the customer, account, card and relationship number as these were requested.

**POST** `/customer/generation`

The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

## Customer Update

The API allows the updating of demographic information for a specific customer. Currently entered through the API ** Customer Add **. The value required by this API is the Customer Number created through the API **Customer Add**.

**PUT** `/customer`

The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

## Demographic Inquiry

With this API cardholder will be able to get all the demographic information already add thought the ** Customer Add** when new customer is created. Same information will be displayed on API response message. Customer demographic information will be only displayed and will not be able to be updated or deleted.

Customer Number values will be used by the API to get customer demographic information.

**POST** `/customer/demographicData-l8v2`

The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

## Relationship Number Add

This API allow to a cardholder bring all the relationship numbers already created under same Customer Number.

Relationship number is a unique number assigned to a Corporate Card, for example Walmart with a customer number 123, is identify with a unique relationship number 567 and under this relationship number many accounts and cards are created for Walmart employs. So using the customer number 123 on this API is possible to get the relationship number 567.

**POST** `/customer/relationship`

The description of each API field can be found within the specifications defined in the portal.

---

## See Also

- [Account Management](?path=docs/english/main-cases/account.md)
- [API Environment](?path=docs/english/main-cases/api-environment.md)
- [Audit and Monitoring](?path=docs/english/main-cases/audit.md)
- [Card Controls](?path=docs/english/main-cases/card-controls.md)
- [Card Management](?path=docs/english/main-cases/card.md)
- [Digital Card Issuing](?path=docs/english/main-cases/digital.md)
- [Falcon System Integration](?path=docs/english/main-cases/falcon.md)
- [HMAC Signature](?path=docs/english/main-cases/hmac.md)
- [Relation Client-Account-Card](?path=docs/english/main-cases/relation.md)
- [Upload Founds](?path=docs/english/main-cases/uploads.md)

---
